the movie begins in the past where a young boy named sam attempts to save celebi from a hunter .
emerging from the human psyche and showing characteristics of abstract expressionism , minimalism and russian constructivism , graffiti removal has secured its place in the history of modern art while being created by artists who are unconscious of their artistic achievements .
spurning her mother's insistence that she get on with her life , mary is thrown out of the house , rejected by joe , and expelled from school as she grows larger with child .
amitabh can't believe the board of directors and his mind is filled with revenge and what better revenge than robbing the bank himself , ironic as it may sound .
she , among others excentricities , talks to a small rock , gertrude , like if she was alive .
this gives the girls a fair chance of pulling the wool over their eyes using their sexiness to poach any last vestige of common sense the dons might have had .
styled after vh1's " behind the music , " this mockumentary profiles the rise and fall of an internet startup , called icevan . com .
being blue is not his only predicament ; he also lacks the ability to outwardly express his emotions .
the killer's clues are a perversion of biblical punishments for sins : stoning , burning , decapitation .
david is a painter with painter's block who takes a job as a waiter to get some inspiration .
women craved him and men wanted to be him .
set on an island off the coast of florida , a techno rave party attracts a diverse group of college coeds and a coast guard officer .
lesson to be learned : never , never mess with " the gay mafia ! "
the theme of the film simultaneously addresses the similarities between the two factions of law and crime while revealing the similarities between the two brothers .
they're jewish , they're grandmothers , and they're lesbians .
but he's neglecting his work , carping at his mom , and behaving badly toward his loyal friend bobbi .
with all this going on , gerry's estranged wife margaret is worried for her daughter's safety and finds herself another target in the race to find the code .
valento feels the heat and turns the table : he makes the dupe into one of his own and rubs the da's nose in it .
saigon , 1952 , a beautiful , exotic , and mysterious city caught in the grips of the vietnamese war of liberation from the french colonial powers .
deep in the northwest , there is a lone ranch tucked away so purposefully , the only way to find it is by not looking .
as a young teenager , he finds out who his father is .
in life , there's silver , and there's lead , says rikki ortega , as he moves to be king of the street in " &#193 ; nglio , " l . a . 's east side .
all these games of chasing , rejecting and seducing are played out in an economically and spiritually depressed hong kong , without much gusto .
television made him famous , but his biggest hits happened off screen .
jordan is a mom who is on a life long search for true faith as she tries to protect her only child from what she believes is injustice .
'bloody magic' is the story of zack , an eleven year old school boy , who's family is visited by three debt collectors .
however , jane , wendy's 12-year-old daughter , sees it all as make believe and refuses to believe in the tales .
called " an elegant documentary " by sundance and " eloquent and deeply moving " by the la times , toyo miyatake : infinite shades of gray is a penetrating portrait of this photographer's search for truth and beauty in a world of impermanence .
straight up : helicopters in action will take audiences on a series of aerial adventures .
a lapp woman anni gives a shelter to both of them at her farm .
